Add details for CNA in terms of coordination (#6596)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/security/cna.adoc

The Jenkins project is a link:https://cve.mitre.org/[CVE Numbers Authority] (CNA) for Jenkins and Jenkins plugins published by the Jenkins project (listed on https://plugins.jenkins.io/[plugins.jenkins.io] and/or hosted in https://github.com/jenkinsci[the jenkinsci GitHub organization]).
This means that the Jenkins project assigns https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Vulnerabilities_and_Exposures[CVE IDs] for vulnerabilities in these components.

## CNA scope and coordination

> Detecting if there is another CNA for a particular component could be tricky, especially if the companies changed name, got acquired, or do not share a common name with the component itself.
> This means that the search is manual and a best effort approach.
> 
> If a CNA is interested to make themself known for a particular component, they can use the contact below.
> The same applies in reaction to an advisory if a CNA was not found in our search, they can contact us to be in our list for the next time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determining whether there is another CNA for a specific component can be challenging, especially if the companies have changed names, been acquired, or do not share a common name with the component itself.
This means that the search is manual and a best effort approach.

If a CNA wishes to identify themselves for a particular component, they can use the contact information below.
The same applies in response to an advisory, if a CNA was not found in our search, they can contact us to be included in our list for future reference.
```
